Remove 30 day staleness limit restriction for integration scanning (#141)
fossas/broker: docs/reference/faq.md

- Any tag
- Any branch `HEAD` commit

> Broker enumerates the list of references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broker first enumerates all references in the git repository.
```

_Note that tags cannot be modified; once a tag has been created to "modify" it in `git` requires that the tag is_
_deleted and then created with the same name. Such modifications are actually creation of the tag,_

> _and as such any tag that was "modified" is also scanned by Broker._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_and as such any tag that was "modified" since the last scan is re-scanned by Broker._
```
